COMDOX-588: Standardized README (#52)
AdobeDocs/commerce-admin-developer: README.md

# Adobe Commerce Developer Documentation

Welcome! This site contains the latest Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source developer documentation for ongoing releases of both products. For additional information, see our [Contribution Guide](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/contributor/).

## Contributors

Our goal is to provide the Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source communities with comprehensive and quality technical documentation. We believe that to accomplish that goal we need experts from the community to share their knowledge with us and each other. We are thankful to all of our contributors for improving the documentation.

![Commerce contributors](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/magento/magento2/images/dev_docs_contributors.png)

## Local development

This is a [Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/) project that uses the [Adobe I/O Theme](https://github.com/adobe/aio-theme).

To build the site locally:

1. Clone this repo.
1. Install project dependencies.

   ```bash
   yarn install
   ```

1. Build the project.

   ```bash

>    yarn dev

Reviewer: `yarn dev` doesn't build the project entirely. `yarn build` does. I use `yarn start` to preview locally, it combines `build` and `serve`. I agree that for development, `yarn dev` works better. So maybe change the description to something like _Launch the project in the development mode_

> gatsby develop will run at most 3 page queries (index page, actual 404 and develop 404) initially. The rest of the queries will run when they are needed (when the browser requests them). In contrast, gatsby build will run page queries for every page that doesn’t have cached and up to date results already.

https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/conceptual/overview-of-the-gatsby-build-process/#differences-between-develop-and-build

Reviewer 2: I agree. I have a little different set of instructions in [Cloud tools readme](https://github.com/AdobeDocs/commerce-cloud-tools#available-commands) for this, such as using `yarn build`, but I could probably add a little more explanation.

   ```

## Resources

See the following resources to learn more about using the theme:

- [Arranging content structure](https://github.com/adobe/aio-theme#content-structure)
- [Linking to pages](https://github.com/adobe/aio-theme#links)
- [Using assets](https://github.com/adobe/aio-theme#assets)
- [Configuring global navigation](https://github.com/adobe/aio-theme#global-navigation)
- [Configuring side navigation](https://github.com/adobe/aio-theme#side-navigation)
- [Using content blocks](https://github.com/adobe/aio-theme#jsx-blocks)

> - [Writing enhancemed Markdown](https://github.com/adobe/aio-theme#writing-enhanced-markdown)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [Writing enhanced Markdown](https://github.com/adobe/aio-theme#writing-enhanced-markdown)
```

- [Deploying the site](https://github.com/adobe/aio-theme#deploy-to-azure-storage-static-websites) _(Adobe employees only)_

> If you have questions, open an issue and ask us. We're looking forward to hearing from you!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have questions, open an issue and ask us. We look forward to hearing from you!
```
